Before we dive into the actual upgrade process, we already covered, why upgrade, right?
Like we want to keep our packages up to date, we want to have use of all the new goodies, right?
And I just want to take some time to run you through some of the great things that come with upgrading,
because that may not be so clear all the time, right?
This experimental support for Hermes what is Hermes?
Well, Hermes is a new engine to process JavaScript, right?
And it's now available on iOS.
Now, whether or not you want to toggle that on, that's up to you.
But as for the future of React Native, they're investing heavily in this new engine.
And so although you may not want it today, maybe you'll want it a year down the line.
And so this support, right?
This is why we want to keep the package up to date improved and simplified module infrastructure.
Right?
OK, so what does that mean?
Oh, we've replaced a certain package with the next bow package and we've approved mono repos support.
So all of this comes to the question of what do I need this today?
Well, needs to go didn't really use any of the module infrastructure.
We weren't really a mono repo.
But oh, wait, what if I'm trying to build a project that you know I want to build a company around?
And so right now, it's just this mobile app, this rag tag mobile app.
I'm trying to get it out.
I'm trying to prove market fit.
Well, eventually you may want to go to a mono repo support.
Right?
So just covering more of that, why more of like, what's the use of this?
Then they introduced a new package that makes it easier to bring export modules to any React native
app.
The new version of React Native very important to keep this up to date so that you get all of the bug
fixes, enhancements, improvements, security patches, new React 17, which you know, brings in all
of that good practice that React has been putting in to react, right?
They've been solidifying the API, they've been making it more maintainable.
So, you know, it's very important, right?
And it adds support for all of these things that right now, right this second you may not need, but
maybe a month from now, you'll try to install a package and then it requires React 17.
You'll be like, Oh, I have to upgrade.
Why didn't I upgrade?
Why didn't I take the time before?
It's very important to keep doing this right?
And then there's just improvements to Expo Seelye.
You know, some things that may improve bill time.
Some things that may improve auto completion in vs code, a QR code that's more compact in the SEELYE.
Some beta flags.
Some nice to haves all around, right?
That we can experiment with in case we know we have a team and they're struggling with, you know,
speed of delivery, speed of development.
All of these things come with upgrades because you don't want to build it all yourself.
They're maintaining X before you.
So why not get the benefits out of it?